Which of the following is true for adaptive models? (Select any two)|You may end-up building something different than what you originally thought
A team divided the application they were building into 4 parts and planning to build one part at a time. To build each part, they are planning to go through the steps of requirements, design, implementation, test, and deployment. Also, they are planning to complete each part fully with high fidelity. By fidelity we mean the completeness of the features implemented in each part. Based on this information, what type of model do you suggest they use for their software development process?|Iterative
A team is working on a problem where the requirements are well known but they are short on time. They prefer to start the design phase when some of the requirements have been defined. Similarly, they want to start coding when the design for part of the system is ready. What model will best fit their needs?|Sashimi
In the incremental model variation where you do requirements and design for all of the application once and then just increment on implementation, testing, and deployment, are you making the process more suitable for a predictive or adaptive situation?|Predictive
Which of following is NOT true about incremental and iterative models?|An incremental model is one where you can build each part of the system individually but you release all at once.
Which of the following is NOT true for the Waterfall model, V-model and Sashimi model?|These models will be a good model to be used by a startup implement a new idea that is new to market
In the Unified Process, what does the milestone of "Lifecycle Architecture" mean?|Agreement among the stakeholders about the technical approach.
Which of the following is true for the Unified Process? (select any 3)|
Select situations listed below where you would NOT use the Unified Process framework.|Very small, simple project where the problem and solution are well known.
Which of the following is NOT true for Spiral Model?|You always have to perform all the steps mentioned in the Spiral Model diagram
Which of the following is NOT the benefits of the Unified Process?|Easy to understand and implement.
