Which of the following statements align with the value "Working software over comprehensive documentation" of Agile manifesto? (select any 2)|Value delivering software over writing documentation.$If documentation is absolutely essential then create it.
Which of the following are true about Agile Manifesto? (select any 2)|The Agile Manifesto consists of 4 values and 12 principles.$The Agile Manifesto is work in progress and we are continuing to learn.
Which one of the following statements/situations/conversations align with an agile mindset?|Manager: "The customer is suggesting another change in feature X which is complete according to the specification. They agree that it was built as we agreed upon but it lacks some functionality and will result in user frustration. Should we implement the change or not?" Developer: "Yes, if it does not fulfill user needs, we should make the change."
Why is it difficult to predict user needs and requirements? (select any 3)|Sometime the market shifts from time when the requirements were originally defined.$Difficult to understand user needs.$Translation issues. Requirements are misinterpreted.
Which of the following statements align with following Agile Principle: "Deliver working software frequently, from a couple of weeks to a couple of months, with a preference for the shorter timescale"|We should frequently deliver software in some environment (not necessarily to production always) to gather user/client feedback
Which of the following align with this principle: " Working software is the primary measure of progress."|If a team has delivered 5 features out of 10 features (or stories), team has made progress (they are more than 0% done)
In which of the following situations, would you NOT recommend using an agile process?|For a project where change is not expected. requirements are well known, and the solution is both well known and repeatable.
Which of the following is true for agile projects?|An agile methodology may help a team to go to market early by delivering with limited functionality.
One of the core principles of agile is to "Embrace Change". This makes architecting and designing the system challenging since you don't know all of the requirements upfront. Thus, you have to be prepared to make architecture and design changes. To effectively embrace change, agile teams must learn how to keep the cost of change low. From the options below, select the ones that can help mitigate this challenge. (Select 3)|Automated Regression testing provides faster feedback which helps you detect defects quickly. This in turn, gives you confidence to make changes.$Keep design simple and just build what is required. It is easier to change a simple design than to update a complicated design.$Keep the code clean and continuously improve/refactor the design as needed. Don't delay these changes for later.
Which of the following is true for a typical agile project? (select 2)|The team talks about the high-level software architecture / design as well as their approach for building software (the release plan) before directly jumping into coding.
